added custom tooltip snippets (#1492)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/custom-commands.md

    * One of `tab`, `backspace`, `,`, `.`, or `-` 
2. Bind `calva.runCustomREPLCommand` to a shortcut with whatever code you want to evaluate in `args` key. You have access to the substitution variables here as well.
3. Bind `calva.runCustomREPLCommand` to a keyboard shortcut referencing the `key` of one of your `calva.customREPLCommandSnippets`. (If not using any of the `key`s mentioned in **1.**)

## Custom REPL hover snippets

Calva supports custom snippets that will display their result inside the tooltip. They will only work when connected to a repl, since they eval code in it.
This is mostly useful for tooling authors that want to integrate with calva.

> Be careful with these, since they will be executed anytime Calva displays a tooltip. So they should be fast and probably not have any sideeffects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful with these, since they will be executed anytime Calva displays a tooltip. So they should be fast and probably not have any side effects.
```

The hover snippets accept the same inputs as the Custom REPL Commands, except for the hotkey:

```json
    "calva.customREPLHoverSnippets": [
        {
            "name": "eval text on hover",
            "repl": "clj",
            "ns": "example.app",
            "snippet": "(str \"$hover-text\")"
        }
    ]
```

> With this setting anything the mouse is over will be also shown inside it's tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setting anything the mouse is over will also be shown inside its tooltip.
```
